# UFL-Samples
Data Ingress Application Development Using Web Based Technologies 

Representational State Transfer (REST) is the de facto standard for Web and mobile applications; it is primarily used to build Web services that are lightweight, maintainable, and scalable. The PI System provides a RESTful API in two products, the PI Connector for UFL and the PI Web API, and both have been proven in IoT data integration scenarios. In this instructor-led, hands-on lab you will learn about REST and why it's so popular, OSIsoft's REST based products and how to apply them, and how to develop REST based Web services. We will also teach you the basics of the PI System architecture as related to the information exposed by these REST APIs. You will be provided with an IoT edge device and sample code and will use these to develop your own REST based Web service to ingress data to the PI System. This lab is recommended for individuals who are curious about IoT, REST, Web services, and how these technologies relate to the PI System, and don't mind getting their hands dirty with a little software development. This lab requires basic PI System knowledge and basic programming skills. A general understanding of Web based architecture is a plus, but not required.

The sample SendUFLDataToPISystem.py is written in python and was originally written to be run on the Qualcomm Dragonboard410c. The associated ini file for the configuration of the PI Connector to UFL and needs to be put into the connector's example folder (\Connectors\UFL\Example) and used in the configuaration of the data source for the UFL Connector. 
